it was always at night like a werewolf I
would take the thing out for an honest
run down the coast the edge there is no
honest way to explain it because the
only people who really know where it is
are the ones who have gone over he was a
reporter with a wild imagination
he was not afraid to express himself in
sometimes shocking ways I looked at all
embarrassed that because the word free
Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas it starts
off like a rocket that was mad genius
well when he first met hunter he'd never
done any drugs he loses it I always had
to have a running crisis kill somebody
hunter saw guns is one of the great
things in life
he liked the noise Nabozny destruction I
think he was important in a literary way
and also in a political way Hunter was
in Chicago right in the midst of the gas
and the beatings I came with the idea
that you could move to wash and become a
full-time correspondent when he showed
up at the campaign no wonder we want
he'll start publishing it all hell broke
loose some people will say that words
like scum and rotten are wrong for
objective journalism which is true but
they missed the point he described me as
a half-crazed Davy Crockett running
around the parapets of Nixon's Alamo I
desperately wanted to put an end to that
senseless war I'm sick and tired of old
man dreaming up Wars for young men that
die and hunters pieces were a hybrid of
very accurate reportage and sometimes
flat-out Fanus and is up on the wires a
straight storm
you finally said William eat it all up I
couldn't believe people really believe
that muskie was eating he became I never
said he was I said there was a rumor in
Milwaukee that he was which was true and
I started the rumor Hawking
I think you captured certain truths
about human perversity I don't think
that anybody can be surprised that we
find ourselves in the nightmare we're in
today because it's the same as the
nightmare
he described back then he can wield it a
pretty effective sword against what's
going on right now yeah this shorty a
vision
well the real hunter Thompson please
hand up
ah